
	https://codepen.io/jahannamiddleton1/pen/bGGoqRr

    1. What is Semantic HTML?
	Semantic HTML gives meaning toa web page.
 
    2. What is HTML used for?
	HTML is used to structure the page and give meaning.
 
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
 	An attribute is a property or characteristic of an element.Attributes are placed within a tag.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
	An h1 tag is used for the title on a page and should only be used once. 

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
	Two tags that required attributes are div and h1 tags 

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
	<header>

    7. What is an id?
	id is a selector used to select a specific element
	 
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
	id's can be added to HTML elements

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
	Only once because multiple elements cannot have the same id value on the same page	
 
    10. What is a class?
	A class defines the variables of objects.
 
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
	Classes can be added to HTML, CSS and Javascript elements	

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
	The same class on multiple elements

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
	If you set the target attribute to "_blank", the link will open in a new browser window

    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
	The alt attribute provides alternative information for an image if the image cannot be displayed.

    15. How do I reference an id?
	An id is referenced in CSS by using the # symbol followed the id name.

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
	A div defines a section in an HTML document whereas a section defines a section in a  document such as headers, footers etc.
   
    17. What is CSS used for?
	CSS is used to style page; To add elements such as color, background and borders.

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
	We can select an element in css by entering the element name and inserting curly braces {} after it.

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
	A class can be used several times, while an ID can only be used once.

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
	We select Classes by writing period character (.) followed by the name of the class.

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
	We select the P element with the class of "human" by writing the period character (.) followed by human

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
	The parent child selector selects all elements that are a direct child of the Parent element. This would be useful when we want to apply certain elements only to the parent element that contains a specific child element.

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
	("div>sidebar")

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
	A pseudo selector is a keyword that specifies a special state of the selected elements.	

    25. What do we use to change the spacing between lines?
	We can use the height line attribute to change the spacing

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
	In CSS we can edit spacing by entering (letter-spacing:) in the parent container.

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
	To capaitalize everything  we can use text-transform: uppercase; in the specific css container.

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
	We can achieve this by  entering border:1px; in the body container of our css

    29. How do I select everything on the page?
	We use the Wildcard *{} to select everything on the page.

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
	We can write a comment by placing two forward slashes // before our comment

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
	We use git_status to show current file

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
	we use ls to show list of files in current foldeer

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
	To remove a file we use rm_name of file. We must be careful because this action cannot be undone


    34. Why should I use version control? 
	Version control saves every action we've made while working on a project without taking up too much space on our local server.

    35. How often should I commit to github?
	We should commit to github often, especially when we've finished working on our project for the day.

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?
	we use the comand git_push to push our repo up to github

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
	*touch_newfile.js
	*ls_
	*git_status
	*git_add_newfile.js
	*git_commit_-m"comment"
	*git_push

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model? 




